Okay, right.
The mass graves are heavy in yin and dirty
Come back as soon as you stand on your back
Oh, I see.
It's going to rain
Take this umbrella with you.
Come back early. Okay.
No sleep at night
What are you doing here?
uncle
You won't sleep tonight?
Why are you chiseling ten times here?
Don't worry about me lad
You just sleep.
Sir, this mass grave is not safe, so be it
Where do you live?
No, I'll take you home.
I live here.
Live here
Sir, don't be kidding
This mass grave
There's not a single family around.
I don't live on the ground
I live underground.
Sir, do you mean
You live here
I do. I live here.
Son unfilial
Wrong name.
I have to come out and change it.
I really met something dirty
Sir, please continue to walk.
I'm going back to sleep first
You go on
Hahahaha